feat(docs): added EngHub doc links to corresponding actions readmes (#635)
grafana/shared-workflows: actions/trigger-argo-workflow/README.md

# Trigger Argo Workflow Action

> > If you are at Grafana Labs, follow these steps in the [internal documentation](https://enghub.grafana-ops.net/docs/default/component/deployment-tools/platform/continuous-delivery/argo-workflows/#triggering-a-workflow-from-github-actions) first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you are at Grafana Labs, see the [internal documentation](https://enghub.grafana-ops.net/docs/default/component/deployment-tools/platform/continuous-delivery/argo-workflows/#triggering-a-workflow-from-github-actions) for information on how to set up Argo Workflows and configure them to be triggerable by this action.
```
